A clinic needs a name.
ACTION NEEDED
About this clinic
Accept
Action Needed
Add a player
Add your first and last name.
Add your name, phone number, and tennis rating. Please answer the membership question to continue
Admin sign-in.
Agree and sign
Alex sees your answers as they save. Copy them here if you want to text them as well.
Almost there!
Ann finds Anna, Annette, Joann…
Any personal information that we collect is stored on secure hosted servers. We are always striving to ensure a safe and convenient experience with the Services. This goes beyond our technologies to include physical, contractual, and managerial safeguards to protect your personal information.
Apple Inc. delivers notifications to your device.
Are you currently a Foxcroft East Racquet & Swim Club member?
At least 6 characters.
Cancel
Cancel Invite
Cancel Registration
Cancel clinic
Cancel invite
Cancel my spot
Cancel the invitation to \(entry.displayName)
Canceled inside ${cutoffHours} hours
Card payments
Charge clinic
Checking your reset link…
Children's privacy
Choose a new password
Clinic updates come through the app. Keep notifications on so you don't miss them.
Clinics
Cookies and tracking technologies
Copy my answers
Couldn't load card payments.
Couldn't load saved answers, still on this phone
Couldn't load the numbers.
Couldn't reach the server. Check your connection.
Couldn't save, still on this phone
Court
Court \(n)
Data retention
Date &amp; time
Decline
Delete my account
Description (players see this under the “?”)
Disclosure of your information
Done
Draft
Draft. Not yet in effect.
Edit details
Every sentence a player or you will read, with where it shows up. Tap Keep, or Change and write it your way. Your answers save as you go.
FROM TARA
FXE Tennis
FXE Tennis does not share your personal information with third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. Your personal information is kept confidential and is not disclosed to outside organizations, except to the service providers that operate the Services on our behalf and as described here:
FXE Tennis · Admin
FXE Tennis · Privacy Policy
FXE Tennis · Reset password
FXE Tennis, LLC
FXE Tennis, Tara's Review
First time? Create your account
For someone who called or grabbed you at the club. They go straight to You&rsquo;re In!
For testing with Tara and Kat. Nothing here is part of running the clinics.
For the performance of a contract: the clinics you register for through the Services and any other contract with us through the Services.
Forgot password?
Full legal name
Give the link a label.
Has a note
Home
How we use your information
I have read and agree to the Adult Tennis Participation Waiver and Release.
If you have any concerns or questions about your data, please contact us at:
Information collection
International data
Invite
Invite \(entry.displayName)
Keep
Keep my account
Keep my spot
Keep the clinic
Label
Last updated: [DATE, when approved]
Leave Player Pool
Length (minutes)
Length must be more than 0 minutes.
Let's Play.
Link label
Manage
Manage payments in Stripe
Mark all read
Max players must be at least 1.
Members get 24-hour early access to all clinics
Members, 60 min
Members, 90 min
Message
Message Players
Message Tara
Message players
More
My Clinics
Need Help?
New password
No card on file for that player.
No card payments yet.
No clinics currently open for registration
No clinics yet. Use “New clinic” to add your first one.
No court
No description yet.
No notifications yet
No responses yet.
No room
No templates yet.
Nobody by that name yet. They may need to sign up in the app first.
Non-members, 60 min
Non-members, 90 min
Not now
Note for Tara (optional)
Notifications
On your laptop, with your real account. Whatever you set up here is real: it is your schedule.
Only Tara sees this.
Only a You're In! player can be a no-show.
Only a paid charge can be refunded.
Only for testing the app with Tara and Kat
Only you can see this.
Our hosting provider stores the Services' data on servers in the United States.
Payment method
Payments are switched off.
Pick something you'll remember. At least 8 characters.
Player
Players
Policy changes
Privacy Policy
Private note
Profile
Put in clinic
Put them in
Rating Guide
Rating \(bucket.label)
Really cancel? Everyone is told.
Register
Registration has closed for this clinic.
Registration open
Registration opens \(openMoment.formatted(.dateTime.month(.abbreviated).day()))
Registration opens \(openMoment.formatted(.dateTime.weekday(.abbreviated).month(.abbreviated).day().hour().minute()))
Remind unpaid (\(model.unpaidCount))
Remove
Remove from clinic
Response Needed
Review links
Save note
Save password
Saved. You can sign in with it now, on your phone or here.
Saving\u2026
Search by name
Search players by name
Sections
Security of data
Selected. Press and hold to copy.
Send reminder
Set by Tara
She will let you know asap if there is room in this clinic
Sign Out
Sign out
Signs you out, you can finish later if needed
Someone already handled that one.
Start from a template
Stripe isn't connected yet.
Stripe, Inc. processes card payments. Your card details go to Stripe directly and are governed by Stripe's privacy policy.
Tara has your message.
Tara, this is your app's words
That account is not an administrator.
That clinic is already canceled.
That clinic is full now.
That didn’t save. Try again.
That email or password didn't work.
That one is already charged.
That one is already refunded.
That player has no card on file.
The Services are for adults. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. In the event of any inadvertent collection of personal information related to a minor, we will delete such personal information upon notice.
The Services are intended to be used by U.S. residents. Personal information you provide to us will be maintained and processed on servers located in the United States.
The Services may contain links to websites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked websites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked websites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked website before disclosing any of your information on such website.
The app does not use cookies or tracking technologies. The web page your coach uses to manage clinics keeps you signed in with a browser session.
The clinic hasn't ended yet.
The information collected is used solely for providing the Services: clinic registration, communication from your coach about clinics, charging for clinics you attend under the club's cancellation policy, and keeping your clinic history. We do not share or sell your personal information with external parties for marketing purposes.
The player's note at level entry; only you see it
Third parties
This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures of FXE Tennis, LLC (&quot;FXE Tennis,&quot; &quot;we,&quot; &quot;our,&quot; or &quot;us&quot;) on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the FXE Tennis application (the &quot;Services&quot;) and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This cancellation is within 3 hours of clinic and the full clinic fee will apply. If there are circumstances you'd like us to consider, please leave a note below.
This clinic has been canceled.
This link has expired or was already used. Go back and request a new one.
This link has no code, answers stay on this phone.
This link isn't active, answers stay on this phone.
Those don’t match.
To
To contact you: by notification in the app, email, telephone, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, about clinics and the Services.
To manage your requests: to attend to and manage your requests to us. Messages sent through the Services are stored on our servers.
To provide and maintain our Services, including to monitor the usage of our Services.
Turn on notifications
Type at least two letters of a name.
Type it again
USTA \(level.label)
View All Clinics
View Open Clinics
Waiver
We collect only the information necessary to provide and improve our Services. This includes your name, email address, phone number, your self-reported club membership status, your tennis rating, an optional note to your coach, and the record of the clinics you register for, attend, cancel, or miss. If you add a payment card, the card is collected and stored by our payment processor, Stripe; we store only the card's brand and last four digits. If you allow notifications, we store the device token that lets us send them. We do not collect your location.
We have obtained your consent.
We may share aggregated, non-identifiable information with others without further notice to you, such as the total number of people who registered for clinics in a specific month.
We may update this Policy from time to time. Your continued use of our Services implies your acceptance of the updated Policy.
We may use personal information for the following purposes:
We need to enforce our terms.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal processes, or to establish or exercise our legal rights, or the legal rights of others, or defend against legal claims.
We retain your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You can delete your account from inside the app. When you do, your name, email address, phone number, note to your coach and card summary are removed; the record of clinics you attended and payments you made is kept, without your name, so that the club's records stay accurate. We will also retain and use personal information as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We transfer personal information about you if FXE Tennis or its assets are acquired by or merged with another company.
We use your personal information to provide and improve the Services. By using the Services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. FXE Tennis is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users. We do not sell your personal information. This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, and protect the information you provide to us.
What do the ratings mean?
What happened? Anything odd?
What is 105?
When we believe it is necessary to disclose personal information to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to anyone's physical safety, or as otherwise required by law.
Write a message first.
Write it the way you'd say it
You can still ask Tara to fit you in.
You're not registered for any clinics this week
Your answer
Your answers as text
Your card will only be charged after the clinic you attended, late cancellations, or no-shows. Cancel at least 3 hours before clinic and you will not be charged.
Your tennis rating
asking to get in
